Add file that summarizes the release process. (#104)
comit-network/comit-js-sdk: RELEASE.md

# Releasing comit-sdk

This document summarizes the steps to release the `comit-js-sdk`.
Replace `X.Y.Z` with the new version.

> 1. Open changelog and decide new version number based on changes.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Open changelog and [decide new version number](https://semver.org/) based on changes.
```

> # Releasing the SDK

Reviewer: ❓ Should we mention that we follow SemVer and [link](https://semver.org/) to it?

> # Releasing the SDK

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Releasing comit-sdk
```

This document summarizes the steps to release the `comit-js-sdk`.

> The steps below were recorded when releasing version `0.10.0`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> You of course have to replace `0.10.0` with your version to be released!

Reviewer: 🔧 I would just remove this line and use a stub like `X.Y.Z` or `<version-number>`.

> You of course have to replace `0.10.0` with your version to be released!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Replace `X.Y.Z` with the new version.
```

> 1. Open changelog and decide new version number based on changes. 

Reviewer: ❓ Should we mention that we follow SemVer and [link](https://semver.org/) to it?

> 1. Create release branch `git checkout -b release/0.10.0`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create release branch `git checkout -b release/X.Y.Z`
```

1. Update the version in `package.json`

> 1. Update `CHANGELOG.md`, move changes under the new version, don't forget to update at bottom of file.

Reviewer: 🔧 
```suggestion
1. Update `CHANGELOG.md`, move unreleased changes under the new version and update links at the bottom of the file.
```

> 1. Commit the [changes](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-js-sdk/pull/103/files) with message `Release 0.10.0`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Commit the [changes](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-js-sdk/pull/103/files) with message `Release X.Y.Z`
```

> 1. Push the changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Create PR, wait for checks and approvals

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a Pull Request, wait for checks and approvals,
```

1. (don't merge the PR, add the tags first; if merged you might have to remove the branch yourself later)

> 1. Add tags `git tag 0.10.0`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Tag the release commit `git tag X.Y.Z`
```

> 1. Push the tags ` git push --tags`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Push the tag `git push --tags`,
```

> 1. Got to the `Checks` on Github and wait till the release action to npmjs.com was done.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Go to the `Checks` section in the PR on Github and wait till the release action to npmjs.com was done.
```

> 1. Go to the `Checks` section in the PR on Github and wait till the release action to npmjs.com was done.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Go to the `Checks` section in the PR on Github and wait until the release action to npmjs.com was done,
```

> 1. Go to npmjs.com, search for `comit-sdk` and check if it was released correctly there.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Go to https://npmjs.com, search for `comit-sdk` and check if it was released correctly there,
```

> 1. (Remove the remote branch if necessary)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Remove the remote branch if you merged before pushing.
```
